Then my father scolded me
He said you were an iron-blooded general
A man who values dignity more than life
Did I just realize I was wrong?
Forget it, the past is gone
But you are the only man I like
No one can replace you
I said I won't eat back grass
Go away, are you stupid?
Qin Zhan, I am the princess of the Dragon Kingdom
My beauty and wealth are beyond compare
I don't care
You are not with me
Then you can't be with another woman
Mom, they didn't do anything to you, did they?
What are you saying?
They treat me better than you treat me
What will happen to me?
Let's go thanks
Mom, you have a daughter-in-law, why don't you tell Mom?
Mom, how can I have a daughter-in-law?
That girl today?
It's beautiful.
You are so lucky.
Mom, I have nothing to do with him.
Did he say he quarreled with you?
So men should be generous
Mom, I know
Mom told you
This girl's mother likes you
But it can't be so late.
If the girl has a heart, please choose a good day and auspicious day.
Mom wants to hold grandson